Knox cloud services 26.06 release highlights.
Here's what's new in Knox Mobile Enrollment.
View automatic enrollment status.
This release provides the ability to quickly view whether automatic enrollment
is enabled for your devices, letting you know if they will enroll in an EMM,
Knox E-FOTA,
or Knox Asset Intelligence during device setup.
On the Devices page, youll see new columns for the services that support this feature.
These same columns will also appear when assigning enrollment profiles to your devices.
Here's what's new in Knox E-FOTA.
Automatic firmware installation when campaign ends.
This release introduces the ability to automatically install
firmware at the end of a campaign,
ensuring all devices update to the target firmware without manual intervention.
You can find this new feature on the campaign creation page
after selecting a campaign start and end date.
Here's what's new in Knox Asset Intelligence.
New snapshot trigger for weak mobile network conditions.
A new trigger option is added to the Schedule device snapshot feature,
letting you capture a snapshot when the devices mobile network is weak or unstable.
After capture, you can view information about your devices
mobile network health in the snapshot details,
or export the snapshot in JSON format for further troubleshooting.
What's new with Knox Remote Support.
Send access code through email.
Previously, initiating a remote support session required sending
the access code to device users exclusively through SMS.
With this release, you now have the option to send the access code
to device users and other IT admins via email.
The email will include the unique access code,
as well as QR codes enabling recipients to join the remote session,
download the agent,
or access the Knox Remote Support documentation.
To learn more about the features in this release, or to get additional help at any time,
see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!